/* Copyright (C) 1994-2002  Matthes Bender  RedWolf Design GmbH */

/* Clonk 3.0 Radikal Source Code */

/* This is purely nostalgic. Use at your own risk. No support. */


              		      RedWolf Design

                     Clonk 3.5 Radikal - Full Version
                     ________________________________


                       by Matthes Bender, April 1997


Please read the license agreement at the end of this document prior to using
this software.


                                  Welcome
                                  _______

Clonk is a multiplayer game of action, tactics and skill. This version can
be played by up to three players at a time. The game will be played in real
time. Each player will be able to control his crew of clonks in the randomly
generated or user defined worlds, fighting his human opponents and/or the
forces of nature. There are numerous modes and options to provide an almost
unlimited variety of rounds to be challenged.

Start out by playing the tutorial missions to learn how to play the game.
Check the on-line help system of Clonk for more information.



                       How to contact RedWolf Design
                       _____________________________


                  Homepage: http://members.aol.com/RedWolfD

                     EMail: RedWolfD@aol.com

              Mail address: Matthes Bender          
                            RedWolf Design          
                            Am Barkhof 20           
                            28209 Bremen
                            Germany




              Clonk 3.5 Radikal Full Version License Agreement
              ________________________________________________


By using this CD Rom in your computer system you admit to the agreement with
the following terms:  You may use this program on one computer only.  You are
prohibited from installing this program on a network server, or running it on
more than one computer at the same time.  You are prohibited from making
copies of this CD Rom, renting, disassembling or modifying the software
without written permission from Magicom Multimedia Corp. Magicom Multimedia
Corp. warrants this disk to be readable and the program to function properly
on all properly functioning computers meeting the system requirements as
stated on the back of this package for a period of 30 days after the date of
purchase.  If you find this disk to be defective or have questions about this
agreement, feel free to call our number on the back of this package for
support. Magicom Multimedia Corp., its developers, its distributors and its
retailers hereby disclaim themselves from all other liabilities, express or
implied, including loss of data, lost profits, or any other losses, financial
or otherwise that may result from the direct or indirect use or inability to
use this product.  To protect against data loss, remember to make backup
copies of important information and store them in a safe location.  


